---
layout: post
title: "new blog"
date: 2025-05-16 00:00:00 +0000
categories: general
tags: substack welcome
---

This is my first blog post. Jekyll makes it easy to create content using Markdown.

When I was younger, so about three months ago, I did gummies for the very first time, and I thought to myself, "this shit's light work." Many moons later, I tried them again at a house party, still unfaded. Then, I came to the logical conclusion that I have a body that never quits.

_Present Day_

I half-jokingly asked my flatmate if he had gummies when we were hanging out Thursday night. Sure enough, boy whips out a pack with three left; I take one whole 'cause Mumma didn't raise no bitch.

Just as I was about to conclude, after an hour, that I'm simply immune to drugs, the other flatmate who did gummies in solidarity had the urge to cook something (at 12 am), so I accompanied him and made an extremely mediocre lemonade with just my left hand (I was eating popcorn with my right hand).

After chefin-it-up, I return to their room; everything goes awry. I'm sitting on the bed, and I feel the world slipping beneath me, and my sober flatmate, god bless his heart, asks me to test the algorithm. Now, I don't know how familiar you are with coding, but navigating Vim sober is a herculean task, I HAD TO DO IT FADED OUT OF MY MIND!!??? (and these companies still won't give me a job, come on!)

The entire night was a blur, and I know that's a cliche. In fact, the whole night, I kept thinking after every sentence, "I need to remember this tomorrow." Ironically, that's all I remember.

I also texted some friends to not worry about me, which I realize has the opposite effect. Texting while being high is so hard because I only had consciousness in intervals of five seconds at a time, so I apologize for any inconvenience I may have caused.

Of all things, why the 𝒻𝓊𝒸𝓀 is peeing so difficult when you’re high? I swear to god, I had to recite "Don't forget to flush" on a loop in my head like a catholic hymn, and I had to quadruple-check that I actually flushed.

Speaking of dreaming, going to bed felt like falling into a black hole. I felt the fabric of time and space stretch as I fell face-flat on my bed. Don't even get me started on turning in your sleep.

I spent the entire Friday making coffee, lying on my bed, hoping to regain all my cognitive functions, and cursing my headache. All things considered, it was weirdly fun.

Takeaways? Don't do drugs, but if you have to, do it in moderation, do it around people you trust, don't do it frequently, and keep your phone away when you do get high.
